feat(experimental): scaffold @vellumai/simple-memory plugin (Phase 0) (#30324)
vellum-ai/vellum-assistant: experimental/plugins/simple-memory/README.md

# Simple Memory — Phase 0 plugin scaffold

> Experimental plugin used to prove out the [agent plugin system](../../../assistant/docs/plugins.md) end-to-end before the real memory logic moves into the runtime harness directly. Every hook a memory system would need is wired with the thinnest possible implementation behind it; the value of the scaffold is the surface, not the behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Experimental plugin used to prove out the [assistant plugin system](../README.md) end-to-end before the real memory logic moves into the runtime harness directly. Every hook a memory system would need is wired with the thinnest possible implementation behind it; the value of this plugin is the surface, not the behavior.
```

We should add a minimal README.md in `experimental/plugins` but don't add to it. We will add to it over time as we implement the surface in a way that aligns with what's in the `/assistant` module

> > ⚠️ This is intentionally minimal. It is **not** a replacement for the default memory graph and will not be shipped with the assistant runtime. Phase 1+ will iterate on the contract here and then graduate the real implementation into the agent loop.

Reviewer: Delete everything here down for now
